Add skip-cleanup-on-errors option to `test local` command (#2512)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

- Add a new option to set the minimum log level that triggers stack trace generation in logs (`--zap-stacktrace-level`) ([#2319](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2319))
- Added `pkg/status` with several new types and interfaces that can be used in `Status` structs to simplify handling of [status conditions](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#typical-status-properties). ([#1143](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/1143))
- Added support for relative Ansible roles and playbooks paths in the Ansible operator's file. ([#2273](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2273))

> - Add a new option skip cleanup if the test encountered errors (`--cleanup-on-errors`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a new flag option (`--skip-cleanup-error`) to the test framework to allow skip the function which will remove all artefacts when an error be faced to perform this operation.   ([#2512](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2512))
```
